in recent days has been reported in the
national media several cases of children
who have been injured in swimming pools and
drowned body sucked hair by
pool filter
this movie is weak we should have a
greater care with children
unfortunately we think and hope
But we must always be one step closer to
front of ten minutes underwater
was taken to a hospital of the
region but unfortunately already in the region of
big beautiful horizon a little girl from
eight years died after drowning in the
neighborhood in the pampulha region in
Belo Horizonte
water plays water
Mariana Silva and dipped in water and
tried to take away
He could not take the child was
rescued tried to cut her hair
also failed to turn the pump off .
I decided to take a slip.
but unfortunately she also came to
die
now the third most recent case
happened January 6 a work
At home to return to me.
the heart massage during
about 15 minutes find a
third boy passed the body data
fireman with the fire department if
moved to the location
word of mouth arrived
I continued to take the hospital to
Sweet River Hospital
but unfortunately she died today
January 7 means very few
days of the beginning of the year
Only we have registered here are
three cases I do not believe it is
coincidence because the high temperature at
issue of the hottest summers we
we are passing by in the water
a problem but it would be my thinking
I know what I would do if I had a
swimming pool at night for example the
filtration of water mainly
children
tomorrow morning the child who is also
when they are filter off unfortunately
we have a situation like this
after these cases have occurred
mainly somewhat close to people
Do you have a pool? You have no idea.
forward will use the dirty filter
friend but damn what has a
fatal victim
Your family knows what I'm going through.
I leave the solidarity with the family
for the teacher
I ask you who is watching this
video that spreads word of mouth
you know someone who has a pool house
I spoke with the merger of the non-filter book
facebook some co -workers who
will return to work after the event
God forbid I do not want to witness
go through a situation like this never again
in my very complicated first life
thing we think of the children
People that despair is that parents
when he was doing cardiac massage on her
despair of parents fathers of both the
mariana